1- standard template library, is set of C++ template classes to provide common programming data structures and functions such as lists, stacks, array, etc.
 it is a library of container classes, algorithms, and iterators. It is  generalized library and so, its components are parameterized. 
Vectors are sequence containers representing arrays that can change in size. They use contiguous storage locations for their elements, which means
 that they can be accessed using offsets on regular pointers to its elements. And just as efficiently as in arrays.

2- resize() function changes the size of the vector. If the new size is bigger than the vector size, the program adds the elements to the vector.
 But if the new size is smaller than the vector size, the program, destroys the extra elements.

3-array containers in STL provides us the implementation of static array, though it is rarely used in competitive programming as its static in nature
but we’ll still discuss array container cause it provides some member functions and non-member functions which gives it an edge over the array defined
classically with object types and array size. But the built-in arrays are the collections of items stored at contiguous memory locations and elements
can be accessed randomly using offsets of pointers to its elements. And vectors are sequence containers representing arrays that can change in size.
Just like array, vectors use the contiguous storage locations for their elements, which means that their elements can also be accessed using offsets of 
pointers and reference to its elements. But unlike arrays, their size can be changed dynamically.

4- reserve() function is request that the vector capacity be at least enough to contain n elements. If n is greater than the vector capacity, the function
causes the container to reallocate its storage increasing its capacity to n or greater. In all other cases the function call does not cause a reallocation 
and the vector capacity is not affected. This function has no effect on the vector size and cannot alter its elements. But resize() changes the size of the 
vector and even if n is smaller than the vector size, the program destroys the extra elements

5- begin() returns an iterator pointing to the first element in the vector.
    end() returns as iterator pointing to the last element in the vector.

6- the push_back() function adds the item to the end of the vector and as n example we can put that part of the code for this hw when we are adding the numbers 
to the winners vector.
    //put first count of values in the winner lottos
    for(int i=0; i < count; i++)
    {
        winners.push_back(temp.at(i));
    }
